README.md, before:

# Aqua

## Introduction

This is a Celeste MOD which gives Madeline a new tool: Grappling Hook!

Grappling Hook is a powerful tool which enhances Madeline a lot. You could swing almost everywhere. Despite some basic operations, we also provide a lot of features such as hooking specific entities toward Madeline or making Madeline fly toward them.

Varieties of old entities are made interactable with the grappling hook, a lot of new entities also give the Gameplay a lot of fun.

## MOD Interop

AQUA provides some functions to help you make your custom entities interactable with the grappling hook. You can check it [here](https://github.com/wanmaple/Celeste-Aqua/wiki/Custom-with-Aqua).

AQUA will also add compatibilities to some popular MODs, but it’s such a heavy work. I’ll handle them step by step.

Current supported third-party MODs:
- Gravity Helper: Works well in the inversed gravity circumstance.
- Maddie's Helping Hand: Different sides of jump throughs.
- Factory Helper: Conveyor support.
- Extended Varaints: Gravity modifier will affect the grapple movements.
- Jackal Helper: Cardinal Bumper support.

## Mapping

Mapping stuffs with AQUA could be found [here](https://github.com/wanmaple/Celeste-Aqua/wiki/Map-with-Aqua).

## TODOs

- Other entities interactable with grappling hook.
- Lots of compatibilities for other MODs.

Commit message:

bug fix, spring compatibility, custom crumble platform for the grapple.

README.md, after:

# Aqua

## Introduction

This is a Celeste MOD which gives Madeline a new tool: Grappling Hook!

Grappling Hook is a powerful tool which enhances Madeline a lot. You could swing almost everywhere. Despite some basic mechanics, we also provide a lot of features such as hooking specific entities toward Madeline or making Madeline fly toward them.

Varieties of old entities are made interactable with the grappling hook, some new grapple-interactable entities are added as well.

## MOD Interop

AQUA provides some functions to help you make your custom entities interactable with the grappling hook. You can check it [here](https://github.com/wanmaple/Celeste-Aqua/wiki/Custom-with-Aqua).

AQUA will also add compatibilities to some popular MODs, but it’s such a heavy work. I’ll handle them step by step.

Current supported third-party MODs:
- Gravity Helper: Works well in the inversed gravity circumstance, compatibilities with gravity springs.
- Eevee Helper: Holdable container objects support.
- Maddie's Helping Hand: Different sides of jump throughs.
- Factory Helper: Conveyor support.
- Extended Varaints: Gravity modifier will affect the grapple movements.
- Jackal Helper: Cardinal Bumper support.
- FrostHelper: Ceiling springs.

## Mapping

Mapping stuffs with AQUA could be found [here](https://github.com/wanmaple/Celeste-Aqua/wiki/Map-with-Aqua).

## TODOs

- Other entities interactable with grappling hook.
- Compatibilities with other MODs.
